The first step to getting started with IBM Cloud Object Storage (COS) is to create a COS service instance. The terms **resource instance** and **service instance** refer to the same concept, and can be used interchangeably.

The COS service instance is a container that will hold buckets that are created within the instance along with other COS related resources like integrations, endpoints, etc. Again, this demonstration script assumes a working knowledge of COS. If these terms are not familiar, refer to other COS training or the COS documentation <a href="https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cloud-object-storage?topic=cloud-object-storage-getting-started-cloud-object-storage" target="_blank">here</a>.

The main configuration aspect of COS associated with the service instance is the **pricing plan**. Details about COS pricing can be found in the IBM Cloud Portal <a href="https://cloud.ibm.com/objectstorage/create#pricing" target="_blank">here</a> and in the <a href="https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cloud-object-storage?topic=cloud-object-storage-billing" target="_blank">Billing and pricing</a> section of the COS documentation. For this demonstration, the **Smart Tier** pricing plan was chosen to minimize costs of the demonstration environment. In a client engagement, the client's actual access patterns and other requiremnts will drive the pricing plan selection. For a longer term archive solution, vault, Cold Vault, Archive, and/or Accelerated archive plans are more likely to be used. Additionally, client's can create multiple service instances that utilize different pricing plans.
